add a community standards doc, based on the autocrypt code of conduct (#577)
deltachat/deltachat-pages: en/code_of_conduct.md

trying to denigrate others or reduce the quality of discussion.

## Maintainers and Responsibilities

Project maintainers are those with commit rights to Delta Chat repositories or administrative rights to community communication channels.
Each maintainer is asked to take responsibility and appropriate, careful action
in response to witnessed instances of questionable behavior.
Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to our standards.
They may also ban temporarily or permanently a contributor for
other behaviors that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies both within project communication channels and
gatherings as well as in public spaces
when an individual is representing the project or its community. Examples of
representing a project or community include using an official project e-mail
address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an
representative at an online or offline event.

## Reporting and Responses

> Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
> reported by contacting select project maintainers, currently Nami and Xenia (XXX add e-mail addresses?).
> They will review reports and involve other maintainers as appropriate,
> resulting in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you experience or witness abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior you can
talk to select project maintainers, currently [Nami](mailto:missytake@systemli.org) and [Xenia](ksenia@transcyberian.org).
They will review reports and involve other maintainers as appropriate,
and will respond in a way that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances,
but not against your will.
```

Half of this edit is just wording and adding the e-mail address, but I also find important that we do not act against the outspoken wish of a person who reported an incident. Otherwise they can not trust us with what they want to tell us. This is common practice in awareness teams I worked with so far. I don't insist on this though. @kermoshina what do you think?
